TDP-4628 Clarify disconnect causes (#533)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/callbacks/disconnect.md

{% method %}
## Disconnect Event

> The Disconnect event is fired when a call ends, for any reason. The `cause` for a disconnect event on a call can be:

Reviewer: I think we should be clear that this list is not exhaustive and other values can appear in the future

> - `hangup`: there was no more BXML to execute in it; it indicates that the call ended normally.

Reviewer 2: Some places you say "do something _on_ the call", others "_in_ the call". Do you know what's best?
In this case particularly I think you can just remove "in it".

> - `hangup`: there was no more BXML to execute in it; it indicates that the call ended normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hangup`: one party hung up the call, a `<Hangup>`(link goes here) verb was executed, or there was no more BXML to execute; it indicates that the call ended normally.
```

- `busy`: the callee was busy.
- `timeout`: the call wasn't answered before the `callTimeout` was reached.

> - `cancel`: while the call was ringing, it was cancelled by its originator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `cancel`: the call was cancelled by its originator while it was ringing.
```

- `rejected`: the call was rejected by the callee.

> - `callback-error`: a BXML callback couldn't be delivered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `callback-error`: a BXML callback couldn't be delivered to your callback server
```

> - `invalid-bxml`: an invalid bxml was tried to be played in the call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `invalid-bxml`: an invalid BXML was received.
```
"was tried to be" sounds weird here (not an English expert though). At least capitalize BXML and maybe change "played" to "executed".

> - `invalid-bxml`: an invalid bxml was tried to be played in the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `invalid-bxml`: invalid BXML was returned in response to a callback
```

> - `application-error`: some non-supported action was tried on the call, e.g. trying to play a .ogg audio.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `application-error`: some unsupported action was tried on the call, e.g. trying to play a .ogg audio.
```
Not sure I like "some" instead of "a"/"an" either, but I'll leave that for someone better at English.

> - `account-limit`: the rate limits on the account were reached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `account-limit`: the account rate limits were reached.
```

> - `node-capacity-exceeded`: the system itself reached its maximum capacity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `node-capacity-exceeded`: the system maximum capacity was reached.
```

### Properties

| Property      | Description |
|:----------    |:------------|
| eventType     | The event type, value is `disconnect`. |
| accountId     | The user account associated with the call. |
| applicationId | The id of the application associated with the call. |
| to            | The phone number that received the call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). |
| from          | The phone number that made the call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). |
| direction     | The direction of the call. Either `inbound` or `outbound`. The direction of a call never changes. |
| callId        | The call id associated with the event. |
| callUrl       | The URL of the call associated with the event. |
| startTime     | Time the call was started, in ISO 8601 format. |
| answerTime    | (optional) Time the call was answered, in ISO 8601 format. |
| endTime       | Time the call ended, in ISO 8601 format. |

> | cause         | Reason the call ended<br> `busy`, `timeout`, `hangup`, `cancel`, `rejected`, `callback-error`, `invalid-bxml`, `account-limit`, `node-capacity-exceeded`, `error`, `unknown` or `application-error`. |

Reviewer 2: I think you can remove the listing from here, too.

> | cause         | Reason the call ended<br> `busy`, `timeout`, `hangup`, `cancel`, `rejected`, `callback-error`, `invalid-bxml`, `account-limit`, `node-capacity-exceeded`, `error`, `unknown` or `application-error`. |

Reviewer: Maybe just redirect to the top?
```suggestion
| cause         | Reason the call ended. See above for possible value. |
```
